hey guys it's Nikki here and today I'll
be doing a review on Laguna shower I'm
super excited I picked this up on the
post office I ordered it from the
truth's toys so I'll begin by showing
you of course the most important piece
the shower it's kind of a lot to
describe so let's do my best so I'll
begin with the shower head I'll let that
focus sticks to the detail in there then
it's got this awesome shower curtain
around it you can see little seahorse
bones and cobwebs and bubbles he'll open
it up like a real shower curtain so cool
got like this wing around and then
inside it comes to the bubble stand that
you stick in if you want to stand Laguna
in there it's kind of like a tentacle
over here going down with one of those
puffy things that used to have these
little scrubby's I love those I have a
couple of them actually and there's a
special place well a place for Neptuna
that's my Neptune I put in there from
the hydration station so it doesn't come
with it just letting you know and here's
the bottom looks like this little shell
as you see and this a little monster
heights Colette shaped drain in there
so there you go there's a shower it's
like a real shower curtain the plastic
is like the same I love it it's so
awesome so next I'll show you the little
mirror so it's got like tentacle designs
all around here and these two jellyfish
on the side with a see some seahorse
Toph I believe and the steam horse
shaped little I don't know what do you
call this thing well the water comes out
and sink I totally forgot the name sorry
guys a little tired a little shrimp for
the handles were you move are you open
for the water why can't I think of
anything and this little school that
drain in there as well the tap that's it
the tap I got it okay and underneath
it's like the shape of a shell so it's
pretty sick and more of these cool
designs all wrapped around here and a
place where she could put her little
soaps and stuff and follow me so I'll
just give you a quick view of the back
because there's a little goona these
little skillet on there so pretty sick
pretty sick I'm super impressed with
this playset love it and here's the
awesome chair so you can see her little
skillet over here it's got those little
cheap plants for the where the seat is
and then tentacles of the lake they're
all wrapped together and on the other
side answers go ahead as well
and check out the awesome backdrop of
this box if you guys notice it's like a
bathroom it's great for display they're
doing a great job with the backgrounds
of the boxes lately I'm super impressed
so I'll show you the back of the box -
this is the Laguna from the hydration
station by the way if some of you are
Monster High collectors aren't aware and
here it says Monster High and it says
the perfect the perfect cleanup - before
you hand will go up the perfect clean up
before you hunt out for the day
sorry guys let's cook me a little bit
it's a shower we're gonna blue and over
here just get wrapped up in a creepy
cruel chair and when I look at this
mirror I want to be L release the
reflection and over here it says this is
an absolute beast of a shower and says a
sink as deep as the ocean so yeah it
shows you how you can set it up it's
Super Bowl this is it's really awesome
I'm super impressed can't wait to put it
on display
oh yeah and I'll show you the side
actually too because this is a little
comic book thing on the side so here's a
picture and it says why did I stay up
watching that surf movie marathon I'm
still gonna looking all tired then we've
got our so tired and then getting in the
shower and then cold
however face they're so cute yeah you're
just basically the front and the box
nothing special because they took the
background out of course
all right so that's it for this review
be sure to subscribe to me leave a
comment what do you think of this
playset I think it's awesome hit that
like button watch my other videos
favorites share with your friends and
don't forget to add me on Facebook
follow me on Twitter links always in the
description and I'll see you guys soon
thanks so much for watching bye